Yeah, I just had lunch
with my husband
and I'm on my way home.
I have a lot to do
before the meeting tonight.
Of course I'll be there, but I hope
there's more on the agenda
than the charity ball.
I don't want to debate
which caterer to use for an hour.
I'd gladly
vote for corn dogs
if it ends the meeting sooner.
See you tonight.
And that was the last known
sighting of Sophie Troy,
at 2:37 p.m.
on a surveillance video.
She was coming from having
lunch with her husband,
and she was going home using
the congressional underground tunnels.
Ok, so it's 3 a.m. now.
She's been gone
a little over 12 hours.
That doesn't qualify
as a missing person yet.
The director's personally
asked us to handle the case.
Her husband is Congressman
Benjamin Troy,
which makes her a VIP.
Well, the question is,
who's the real target,
Sophie or her husband?
I mean, is this an attempt
to influence him?
Well, the Congressman
isn't very high profile.
It's his first term, and he has views
which have made him
unpopular on both sides
of the aisle.
Sophie's a healthcare
lawyer on the D.C. museum board.
What was her schedule
after lunch? Do you know?
Yeah. She was gonna
go home,
and then she had
a foundation meeting at 7:00.
She didn't make either.
Then when she wasn't home
by 12:30,
the Congressman called
family and friends
before contacting
Capitol police at 1:45.
We were notified
a half an hour later.
Let's go back
to her last sighting.
Do we have the surveillance footage
from the other side of the stairwell?
Yeah. That would be
the Library of Congress lobby
and there's no sign of her.
It's like she vanished
into thin air.
Guys, it is possible
she just left of her own accord.
But we have to assume
it's a kidnapping
unless proven otherwise.
Well, we know she was
on the phone before she disappeared.
We need to pull all her email
and cell phone records.
The Congressman's here.
Have a seat,
Congressman.
I've heard the statistics.
What do we have,
36 hours or something
to save her?
In a homicide, the first 48 hours
are the most critical,
but in an abduction,
every minute counts.
Oh, God.
We don't know for sure
that there's been foul play.
No. No, no.
I know my wife.
We just had our
first anniversary a week ago.
She wouldn't just leave me,
certainly not without
getting the last word in.
Is there anyone
who would want to hurt her?
No. No, no.
Sophie's a wonderful,
sweet woman.
I, on the other hand,
I'm not very well-liked
in this town.
And who are your enemies?
Well, where do we begin?
We have the oil lobbies.
Uh, we have the NRA
and PETA.
You have an equal
opportunity offender.
Plus, then there's
all the other oddballs
who call, write letters,
send emails.
My aides don't usually
show them to me, though.
We'll need to see those.
Yeah, I'll have my office
send them over.
And also let them know
that we're on an information lockdown.
Our chances of solving this are better
if the media doesn't get wind of it.
You know, I understand
people being angry with me,
but to take it out
on my family,
on Sophie...
Rest assured,
you're our priority.
Excuse me.
The tech analysis from the video
surveillance came back.
The footage from
the Library of Congress
where there's no sign
of Sophie
is an old video
on a continuous loop.
Someone hacked the system?
It's run by the Metro P.D.
it's outdated.
It wouldn't take
a lot of brainpower to get in.
I have just received
confirmation
authorities have been alerted
and are treating this
as a probable abduction.
Just to recap, Sophie Troy,
wife of Congressman
Benjamin Troy,
has been missing since
mid-afternoon yesterday.
At this time, authorities
have not said when...
What's going on?
Who leaked this?
I don't know.
Hotch.
The last call Sophie made
was to a lawyer on vacation.
This is her voicemail.
Hi, Tania, it's Sophie,
and I'm still out of town--
oops--sorry.
What are you doing?
Stop, let go of me!
No--aah!
♪ Criminal Minds 10x17 ♪
Breath Play
Original Air Date on March 11, 2015
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
♪  ♪
“The truth is rarely
pure and never simple.”
Oscar Wilde.
See that shadow
on the wall?
It shifted
as the sun went down,
but now it's back.
The video was on
a 6-hour loop before it repeated,
which is why no one
noticed it right away.
So this was organized
and premeditated.
Ok, so even though
this isn't the real footage,
the lobby would have been
crowded with tourists at the time.
How was she taken in broad daylight
from a public place?
Ironically, it may have been
easier to kidnap her in a crowd.
It's noisy, hard to see,
people are distracted.
If she was injected
with a sedative,
the kidnappers might
just look like friends or family
helping someone
who was feeling ill.
We'll set up a trace phone,
and I've already got agents
looking into terrorism and
organized crime connections.
I also need to know
on what committees you sit
and what pending bills might
be influenced by your vote.
Right. I'm on the energy
subcommittee.
There's a vote in two days
to ban fracking on the Pacific Coast.
Where do you stand
on the issue?
I'm for the ban, but
I've been getting pressure
from the oil companies
to vote against it.
They're not the most
subtle people in the world.
Do you think maybe they have
something to do with this?
Well, just to be safe,
I think you and your family
should stay here
in protective custody
until we get a better
handle on things.
Ok. It's just my brother
and my mother.
They're in Georgetown.
They live together?
Paul just got out of rehab
a couple of months ago.
He's staying with her till
he gets back on his feet.
We'll arrange to have them picked up.
Agent Anderson,
will you please show the Congressman
where he can stay?
Sure. Congressman,
right this way.
So, uh, we confirmed
the Congressman
was in his office
all afternoon.
There was nothing unusual
about his behavior.
And he's responding
appropriately.
Yeah, Dave,
what have you got?
We'll be right down.
Organized crime may have
a lead on the case.
So who's the package?
Who cares? Dyadya just said
it's someone important.
What's our piece
of the action?
Maybe 5 grand.
Which translates into,
“he'll call us, we just sit tight.”
These are low-level guys?
Foot soldiers in
the the Mikhalov Bratva,
a Russian crime ring
that deals in illegal arms.
We intercepted a container
of Stinger missiles about 6 months ago
they were gonna ship
to Syria.
Been trying to infiltrate
the ring since then,
figure out who
the major players are.
Where is the wiretap?
In their apartment.
This recording is from a week ago.
And you think it's connected
to Sophie Troy?
Well, here's what we know.
These low-level guys often do
freelance work to pad their income.
You need somebody for an unsavory job,
this is who you call.
1-800-thug.
Yeah, pretty much.
This kidnapping
they're talking about
was gonna go down around now.
Well, probably
not a coincidence.
According to Loker,
our agent on site,
they're still waiting for Dyadya,
which means uncle, to call.
Any idea who uncle is?
No. We've been trying
to I.D. him, but no luck so far.
I think we need
to be on this.
You're welcome to join us as long
as you don't jeopardize our case.
Understood.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hi. Um, I'm looking for Loker.
Thanks.
I'm Dorian Loker.
You must be from the BAU?
Yeah, I'm Spencer--
I don't really shake hands.
Great. So we're set up in here.
The apartment's directly
across the courtyard.
The guys just left
to get breakfast.
What do we know
about them?
Roman Azarof and Taras Yudin
work at a trucking company
in Anacostia, but really
it's just a front for the Russian mob.
Roman's bad news.
He assaulted a shopkeeper
with a chainsaw
back in 2008.
Which one has the uncle that
may have kidnapped Sophie Troy?
Taras. But uncle
is a loose term.
As far as we know, Taras has
no blood relatives in the U.S.
He's only been here two years.
It could be any older figure
in this crime network.
Good.
There's a lot of down time
in surveillance.
I hope you brought
something to read.
“Great Expectations.”
You like Charles Dickens?
Believe it or not,
I haven't read him before.
Figured it was high time
to change that.
He's great that moment
where Pip finally learns
that Estella was always groomed
to break men's hearts always---
Always trying--
I haven't gotten there yet.
Oh, well, I think
you're gonna like that part.
Terrific.
I'm gonna go put on
a fresh pot of coffee.
You ok?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm just, uh...
I just wish I had walked
Sophie to the street after lunch
or called her a cab.
I could have stopped this
somehow.
A lot of families feel that way
after an abduction.
But in most cases it was
an unforeseeable event.
My mother would say it happened
because I wasn't a gentleman.
Well, try not to
beat yourself up too much.
Where's my son?
Hey, how long do you
plan on holding us?
Paul.
Not to be rude,
but I got a life of my own.
I gotta be at the soup
kitchen in an hour to volunteer.
We're not holding you.
This is for your own safety,
so I highly recommend
that you stay.
And while you're here,
you could just really help us out a lot
by answering
a few questions.
Oh, of course, anything you need.
Right, Paul?
Hey, uh, could you tell me
a little about Sophie and Benjamin?
What's their relationship like?
Oh, with Sophie and Benjamin
it's true love.
They met and got married
8 months later.
In his eyes
she can do no wrong.
And one harsh word from her
would just destroy him.
And if you ask her
where they met,
she'd say it was in a garden
under a double rainbow
with a unicorn.
Paul...
And, uh, what do you think
of their marriage?
I have no opinion.
It's between them and God.
God?
Paul found a higher
power in rehab.
He's finally free
of his demons.
What's your relationship
like with Sophie?
It was fine.
Honestly, I barely know her.
They told me
you just got here.
Oh, Benjy.
It's so terrible.
Thanks for coming, bro.
Yeah. Yeah,
I wouldn't miss it.
What's the layout
of their place?
Same as this one.
The satellite dish
outside the window
is actually one of
our parabolic mikes.
They're back.
It's a woman.
It's their cleaning lady, Fana.
She's speaking Yoruba.
It's a western Nigerian
dialect.
She's talking to her mother.
Did you get the money
that I sent?
Yes. We used it all
to buy rice.
Ok. I'll try
to send more when I can.
I have to go.
Fana--
What the hell?
Why you have
the curtains open?
So I could
clean the windows.
But what did we told you?
Keep the damn curtains closed.
How hard is it to remember?
It won't happen again.
I have to go and switch the laundry.
She's an idiot.
Hey, I just got
a text from Dyadya.
He says he'll need us soon.
We should be ready
with a truck.
I gonna go down
to the office.
You speak Yoruba?
I can get by.
This is really good coffee,
by the way.
Coffee's a language in itself.
Who said that? Dickens?
Jackie Chan.
So the gun lobbyists
were dismissive of the Congressman,
saying they don't waste
their time with one-termers like Troy.
But anyway, even if
they were involved,
I highly doubt that they would outsource
the job to the Russian mob.
What about
the oil companies?
Pretty slimy, pun intended,
but none of our sources
say they were involved.
Well, considering how much
oil comes out of Russia,
they are the most likely
candidates to have ties to the mob.
I'm interrupting,
I know,
but, sir, there's
a reporter in the lobby.
She insists to speak to you.
She says she has critical
information about this case.
You must be
SSA Aaron Hotchner.
And you're Madison Young.
I come bearing gifts.
What is that?
The ransom message I received
from the kidnappers at my office.
If you want the flash drive,
I have a request.
You're interfering with
a criminal investigation.
I'd like an exclusive
interview with Congressman Troy.
I know he's here.
I'll leave that
up to him.
My name is Sophie Troy.
If you----
if you want
my safe return,
you will wire
20 million dollars to...
to the bank account number
at the end of this video.
Do not think
to delay payment.
It will only
make it worse for me.
Remember, now, 20 million
by midnight or...
Oh, God.
20 million by midnight
or I die.
Remember, now,
20 million by midnight or...
Oh, God.
20 million by midnight
or I die.
The recording
appears genuine.
Benjy.
The wire instructions
are to a bank in Cyprus.
It's a big tax haven
for the Russians.
Is there any reason why the Russian mob
would want to hurt you?
No.
Then someone hired them.
But who, exactly,
is the 20-million-dollar
question.
It could be anyone.
What does it matter now?
The important question is,
where am I gonna get that kind of money?
Well let's not get ahead of ourselves.
We have to stay rational.
Unless you can guarantee me that
you're gonna rescue my wife by midnight,
I'm not gonna risk
losing her.
Benjy, we don't have
20 million dollars.
Yeah, I know that.
Who asks for
that kind of money?
Someone who thinks
people like Benjamin
have the power
to make anything happen.
They may have seen media reports
on your campaign war chest.
Didn't you get a hefty
donation last week?
What do you have now,
50 million?
But that's not
my personal money.
They don't understand that.
We're dealing with someone
who's not too sophisticated.
Yet this kidnapping
was just the opposite.
It's not adding up.
Benjy, can't we borrow
against your campaign fund?
No. No, that's illegal.
I--I don't know
what to do anymore.
I do.
This message is for the people
who are holding Sophie Troy.
We have received your demands and
we are taking them very seriously.
At this time, we want to ensure
Sophie's well-being
and are willing
to fully cooperate with you.
But in order to do so,
we must have proof of life
and an open channel
of communication.
You can reach us at any time
by calling the FBI hotline.
Again, let me emphasize,
our primary concern
is the well-being of Sophie Troy.
We will do whatever it takes
to ensure her safe return.
Thank you.
I know this must be
a nightmare for you,
Congressman.
Nightmare doesn't even
begin to describe it.
If for some reason
she's able to watch this,
is there anything
you want to say to your wife?
Yes.
Sophie,
you're my entire world,
and I want you to fight..
And don't give up.
I want you to come back to me.
Oh...I can't.
I'm sorry, I can't do this.
Can you turn it off,
please, I--
turn it off, please.
Hey, Garcia,
what do you have?
Taras Yudin
is a very horrible meanie.
What did he do?
In 2012 he was questioned
in the brutal killing
of a gang member's family
in his hometown of Volga,
but then there wasn't
enough evidence,
so the charges were dropped,
and he left Russia.
Is there anyone else
from his hometown in D.C.?
Someone must have helped him
when he first arrived here.
It could be Dyadya.
Oh, it's hard to tell
with all the disposable cell phones
he uses, but keep looking will I.
All right, thank you so much,
Garcia. Bye.
Something's going on.
Dyadya told you
he'd get two million ransom?
Yeah.
That's not
what I heard at the club.
I heard Dyadya's getting
20 million.
That's a lot of money.
Son of a bitch
has been lying to you.
And what was he gonna
give us, a measly 5 grand?
I don't believe it.
You don't believe it,
talk to Ivan.
Who's Ivan?
A bartender
at the local strip club.
We have a source down there.
Hotch, hey,
the ransom changed.
It used to just be
two million.
All right, Reid.
Thank you.
Ok, if a call comes in,
one of us is gonna answer.
We may ask you to speak,
but what's most important
is you'll have to stay calm.
I followed up
with some oil execs.
It turns out those with stakes
in Russian companies
would benefit
from a fracking ban
because it would drive
Russian oil prices back up.
I don't think they're involved.
This is Agent Hotchner.
We have Sophie Troy.
Who is this?
You may call me Viktor.
Viktor, we need to know
that Sophie is alive.
Hello?
Sophie, this is Agent
Hotchner with the FBI.
I'm here with your husband.
Ben?
Sophie, are you ok?
I...think so.
Ask her something personal.
Uh, Sophie, you remember
our first date.
Where did we go
after dinner?
We went for a walk.
Where?
Where did we go for a walk?
What was the name of the park?
You have to help me.
I think they're gonna kill me--
No, wait. Put her
back on the phone.
You didn't let her
answer the question.
I can't tell
that it's her.
Viktor...
Satisfied?
Sophie--
Tell the Congressman
we're not children.
He and his family
think to take advantage,
but we won't be paid off
with some pocket change.
Viktor?
We get a trace?
It's a long number.
Overseas.
Chechnya.
No, there's no way
he would take her that far.
He rerouted the call.
Rock Creek Park.
We went to Rock Creek
Park on our date.
That was her, all right.
It had to be her.
“Tell the Congressman
we're not children.
“He and his family
think to take advantage,
but we won't be paid off
with some pocket change.”
“Paid off with
some pocket change.”
Maybe there was some
prior arrangement.
We know from Spence
that the ransom amount change.
Maybe a previous deal
went south?
Meaning the Congressman
or someone in his circle
is hiding something.
It could be an inside job.
Are we being played here?
Viktor did say
he and his family.
Maybe it's the brother,
Paul.
The born again
soup kitchen volunteer?
Who was a pill-popping
drug addict 3 months ago.
Well, he's definitely uncomfortable
around the Congressman,
and he avoids
making eye contact.
Hey, baby girl, what do you know
about Paul Troy?
Garcia.
Hey, baby gir--
Oh, my God. What are you
doing in here?
I was looking for you.
It's very messy.
Ok, chill, chill.
You know I'm not worried
about how you keep
the Batcave.
You're here for information
about Paul Troy.
He was arrested
6 months ago for embezzlement
while he was working
as a manager for a restaurant,
but the charges were dropped.
According to police records,
he needed the money
to pay back Russian drug dealers,
but he had every intention
of paying the restaurant back.
You are the best.
Uh-huh.
Thanks, mama.
Yeah.
We know at the time
of your arrest
you owed some Russian
drug dealers money. How much?
32,000.
Well, you must have
paid it off, otherwise
you'd be dead or laid up
in a hospital somewhere.
I got a loan.
From who?
A friend.
Your brother?
No, I said a friend.
Which friend?
Look, I don't want him
involved in this.
That's not your call right now.
I need a name.
Where were you yesterday
at 2:30 p.m.?
Ok. Here's another scenario.
You still owe
the drug dealers,
but you told them how to get
a much bigger payday.
They kidnap
your sister-in-law,
your family will pay the ransom,
no questions asked.
Look, that's insane.
Then where were you
yesterday?
Has Paul been acting
unusual lately?
Behaving erratically?
No. That's what he was like
when he was on drugs.
These last two months,
he's been an angel.
It's like having
my little boy back.
Is he jealous
of his brother?
My sons love each other.
Well, yeah, sure,
but is he jealous?
I mean, I know
I would be.
My brother's handsome,
successful,
married to
a gorgeous woman,
and I can't even
hold down a job.
You want me to speak ill
of Paul.
I won't.
He's had a hard life.
You know how he got
that scar on his face?
A neighbor poured a pot
of hot oil out of her kitchen window.
Didn't know Paul was playing
with her cat underneath.
He was 5.
Yesterday I was with
my friend Toby.
Toby. He give you the loan?
No.
Toby's an escort.
So who paid off
the drug dealers?
It was Ben.
All right?
It was my brother.
You were right all along.
Why so reluctant
to say it?
Were you embarrassed
he had to bail you out yet again?
He didn't bail--
you think he's such
a Saint, don't you?
He's got you all fooled,
doesn't he?
The golden boy
with his perfect face.
So why'd he pay?
You really want to know?
To shut me up about the
intern he's been screwing.
JJ, Hotch needs to see us.
Garcia found the actual origination
point of the kidnapper's phone call.
Yes. It's an unleased
warehouse near Rock Creek Park,
address is on your phone.
Good luck.
Clear!
Clear.
What is that?
What are they doing?
Making sure
it's not an I.E.D.
Those are Sophie's.
I bought them
for our anniversary.
Oh--oh, God.
I am magnificent, no doubt,
but this is too easy.
They used a dozen layers
of cover
when they could have
used thousands.
They wanted us to find them.
No witnesses saw anyone
leaving the warehouse.
Or at least they're not talking,
not that I blame them.
I'm worried, Aaron.
We got 4 hours until the deadline
and no line of communication
to the kidnappers.
Whatever the Congressman's
involvement,
the clock's ticking
on Sophie.
Who's that?
The Congressman's intern.
Thank you. I can't tell you
how much it means to me.
Take care.
I feel like I should be
holding a telethon
the way I'm asking strangers
to donate money for Sophie's ransom.
Have a seat, Congressman.
We need to ask you
about an intern in your office,
Michelle Golovin.
A former intern.
She no longer
works for you?
Not for more
than a year now.
Have the kidnappers
called back yet?
Did you two
stay in touch?
Maybe. I don't--
I don't remember.
A phone call or two
at the most.
Actually, it was
a little more than that.
29 calls in the last
month alone,
according to the phone
records we pulled.
Ok. I can explain that.
Good. Because we were wondering
whether you and Michelle
had planned
the kidnapping together.
He came over last night
around 8:30.
He said his wife was at
some stupid board meeting.
What did you do?
We...made love.
But he did seem more
nervous than usual.
Yes, I had a relationship
with her.
While Michelle
was still your intern.
Again, mea culpa.
But I was single,
we were both consenting adults,
and this was before
I met Sophie.
Believe me, after that
I wasn't interested in anyone else.
He told me
we'd be together soon.
He doesn't love Sophie,
you know.
He only married her
for his career.
Did he try to end things
with you?
I broke it off with her
the day after I met Sophie.
And how did she take it?
Not well.
She was very angry.
She was upset. She started
to threaten suicide
if I didn't call her
or visit her regularly.
Visit her to have sex?
We made love
whenever he came over.
And he kept all of this
a secret from Sophie?
Yes.
Maybe I should have
told Sophie.
I was just talking
to Michelle to calm her down.
It wasn't like we were
still sleeping together.
Why did you go see her
last night?
Because she threatened to swallow
a bottle of painkillers if I didn't.
Ah, where the hell
have you been?
I went to the store.
You needed more detergent.
Well, you better start
cleaning more.
I've been doing it.
This place is a pigsty.
What are we paying you for?
You smell like something.
What is it?
Bleach probably.
No, no, it's more like
perfumy.
It's like the woods
or flowers or something.
Please--
But is good. I like.
Come, come and dance with me.
Stop it, please!
Come on.
Leave me alone!
You've been teasing me
for months.
You little bitch.
You think you're too good for me?
We should do something.
We can't.
He's beating her up.
You bust in there,
you blow the entire case.
Yours and mine.
Think of the big picture.
You want to kill
Sophie Troy,
or thousands of people
if the missile shipment gets out?
Uhh!
What's going on?
Nothing.
She was getting smart
with me,
but, uh, she learned
her lesson. Go.
Go! Clean yourself up.
Well?
You're right. Dyadya's
getting 20 million.
Right now it's
“he said, she said.”
Well, the Congressman
didn't get where he is
without having some skill
manipulating the truth.
Well, the threat of suicide,
especially after a break-up,
if definitely a possibility.
I mean, I saw it happen
with a friend of mine
and his ex
back in the day.
I found a smoking gun.
Or at least the stuff that goes
into the gun to make it smoke.
Credit card receipts
from the Congressman
show he purchased ammo
for a handgun.
And then more smoke--
he sent that ammo
to a P.O. box registered
in his name in Virginia.
Now, why
would he do that?
Did you have your wife
kidnapped?
What?
No, what?
Why are you saying this?
You purchased ammunition
for a handgun last month,
and you had it shipped
to a mailbox in Virginia.
Which means you likely
own a handgun,
although there isn't one
registered to your name.
Yes, I have a handgun.
Which you bought illegally?
Well, I had to
after being so staunchly
pro gun control.
You bought the gun with the intent
to murder your wife,
and then you changed your plans and
arranged to have her kidnapped instead.
No, I bought the gun
because I was--
because I am--
terrified of Michelle.
You know, just a couple months ago
she threatened to come to my home
to tell Sophie that
we were having an affair
and then she was gonna kill
both of us in front of her.
He's scared of me?
He's lying.
He'll say anything
to save his ass right now.
Those are interesting words
to say about the man you love.
I love him. But I also know
his weaknesses.
He's selfish.
He thinks about himself first.
Like I have to be available for him
whenever he wants.
Ohh, I know the type.
Probably won't even use
protection, right?
Are you kidding?
That's my responsibility.
Look, despite what
the Congressman is saying,
I just want you to know
that I believe you.
And if you'll agree
to take a medical exam,
we can prove that he had
unprotected sex with you last night
and is just lying
to save himself.
Now you're looking at me
like I'm dirt.
I'm just another scumbag
politician, right?
I mean, I must be some sort
of a depraved narcissist to do what I do.
Maybe I am.
It doesn't mean
I would hurt my wife.
I love Sophie.
So...
I don't care about my reputation anymore,
all right?
Go ahead, smear my name if
that's what you want to do.
I don't care.
Just find her.
Hello.
No, he can't talk right now.
He's in the bathroom.
Who's this?
Ah, you're Dyadya.
No, I didn't know.
Uh-huh.
Yeah. I'll tell him.
Dyadya just called.
Oh, yeah?
What did he say?
He said he left
two messages.
Wants to know why you haven't
called him back yet.
I didn't get them.
Or maybe you did
and just didn't tell me?
Seriously?
Come on, now, you drunk.
Roman, it's me.
He wants us to meet him
in an hour with a truck.
We're supposed to bring
ski masks.
All right, let's go.
What the hell?
Are you spying on us?
Why are you hiding
in the closet?
This isn't good.
She's categorically
refusing a medical exam.
Which means the Congressman
is probably telling the truth
about the affair
being over.
But it still doesn't
exonerate him.
He bought a gun because
he was terrified of her,
and yet he went to visit her
the day his wife went missing.
Maybe Sophie found out
about them and tried to expose him.
The problem is,
if he's not behind
the kidnapping,
we don't have
any other leads, an it's...
A little over a hour
till the deadline.
And we don't have any way
to contact the kidnappers.
Maybe we do.
How long
you been in there, huh?
What did you hear?
Nothing, I swear.
Who do you work for?
I think they're just messing with her.
They won't hurt her.
We don't know that.
Who is it?
Rossi, hold on.
Can't. Clock's ticking
and you've got our best
lead on the kidnappers.
There's no one.
You're a lying bitch.
It's the damn feds,
isn't it?
She has to die.
Oh, please, don't!
Reid, are you there?
Stop, stop. Listen.
- Is he dead?
- Yeah.
Reid, what's going on?
It's more complicated
than we thought.
You go in there and arrest
those guys right now.
Roman's dead.
Just wait a minute.
I should have
killed him sooner, sweetheart.
Are they...
Yeah, I think so.
Get your things.
We're leaving.
What about Dyadya?
His contact is pissed
that he asked for more ransom,
but she'll pay
if the wife is dead.
We're supposed to pick up
the body and dump it.
But listen to me.
We don't have to do
any of this.
We can take the money,
or we can run away.
Rossi, the unsub's a woman. I don't
think we should arrest anyone yet.
They're leaving now.
They might lead us to Sophie.
Reid said the unsub's
a female.
Could be someone close
to the Congressman.
Michelle doesn't have
the sophistication to pull it off.
Since he fired her,
all of his staffers have been male.
The Congressman said
something odd about his mother.
I saw him earlier and he said
his mother would say
that Sophie was abducted because
he wasn't a gentleman.
That's harsh.
Her opinion means
a lot to him,
or maybe he's scared
of her?
It could be both.
What if this is like
“The Manchurian Candidate”?
A domineering mother
molds her candidate son
into an unwitting assassin.
I ask myself
that same question.
I mean, where did Benjy
come from?
I know I gave birth to him.
I remember the 20 hours
of labor.
But the rest--
it's--it's a cosmic gift.
I mean, where did Mozart
come from?
Or Einstein or--
Ok, let's drop
the earth mother act.
You went to Vassar,
and you were voted
most likely to run
a Fortune 500 company,
yet you never had
a career after college.
I chose to stay home
and raise my children.
You have a problem
with that?
No, but it makes me wonder
what happened to all that ambition.
It had to go somewhere.
I think you channeled it
into your sons.
Especially Benjamin, after your
older son had his accident.
You were smart enough
to stay in the background,
but you guided
Benjamin's career.
Who knew the FBI had such
active imaginations?
What happened?
Did Benjamin step out of line?
Did he marry someone
you didn't approve of?
Ben fell head over heels
in love.
He met and married Sophie
within a year.
Now, that's awfully fast.
I can't imagine
you had a chance
to properly vet
and train her,
so the solution was
to get rid of her.
That's ridiculous.
You seemed genuinely
surprised
when you heard the ransom
amount was $20 million.
Why is that?
Well, it's an awful lot,
don't you think?
A lot more than two.
That was supposed to be
their fee
for getting rid of Sophie,
but they changed
the terms on you.
They heard about Benjamin's
campaign war chest
and thought they were
being underpaid.
That is pure conjecture.
His approval rates
were waning.
Something like this
would create sympathy,
boost his visibility.
Maybe this wasn't about
your disliking Sophie.
This is just you being
ruthlessly pragmatic.
Here's what's gonna happen.
We're gonna charge Benjamin
with weapons possession
and with the intent
to murder his wife.
This is not just
a minor sex scandal.
His career will be destroyed,
and all your hard work
grooming him
will go down the drain.
Unless you want to call
the kidnappers and end this now.
FBI!
Hands in the air!
She's alive.
Oh, thank God.
Is there something
you want to say to your wife?
Yes.
Sophie, you're
my entire world.
And I want you to fight
and don't give up.
I want you
to come back to me.
Oh...
I can't.
That was the Congressman
speaking to me
in an exclusive interview
yesterday afternoon,
and this was him
an hour ago.
I would like to extend
my heartfelt thanks
to the FBI,
in particular the BAU,
for bringing my Sophie
back to me.
I am and I will be
eternally grateful.
Call me a softie,
but this whole thing
is turning me into mush.
You know, according to
online polls,
his approval ratings
are skyrocketing.
We may be looking at a future President
of the United States.
He is a tall drink of water.
Speaking of pretty boys,
where's Reid?
That should do it.
Hey, thanks for coming
back to clean up.
You didn't have to.
No worries. I, um,
I wanted to apologize
for almost rushing in there
to save the wrong girl,
as it turns out.
You could have been right.
One of the hardest things
about surveillance is not taking action.
You listen, you analyze,
and then you force yourself
to do nothing.
I imagine that's really hard.
Oh, and sorry also about ruining
“Great Expectations” for you.
You just saved me
about 20 hours.
Maybe you can summarize
“Bleak House” for me, too.
Everyone said it was
a mistake to visit you.
I'm your mother,
and I raised a good son, didn't I?
What you did to Sophie
was unforgivable.
I'm sorry, Benjy.
But it worked.
Now what do I do?
♪ Cold lies the snow ♪
♪ and leaves turn to... ♪
First you need to...
♪ mmm mmm mmm ♪
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org